Hi guys.
Welcome.
In this section regular displayed your uploaded videos.
Okay.
Not to do this.
Robin, I need to go back to Our Vinci Code.
Then over the screens, they're free.
We're going to create a new fly, and we're going to call this fly video on this car screen.
Then the section dot dot.
And we can just see this, that, this we just for now.
And since we can change it, these are the stateful widgets and we can as well call this video screen.
Then over here we need to add light and then use control and dots in order to import the material to
that package.
Okay.
Now in and that we have access to lots of property, we can then use a scaffold widget scaffold.
And for now, we can have a body and a central jet which is going to set out in this widget we're going
to be using.
And it's going to be a test we jet.
And we can just see a video.
Screen.
Okay.
Now, over here, how to trigger that to get a very good format.
And what we can then do is go to where we have the list of pages.
I think we have that in the cost.
Fi.
And instead of this old page.
Okay.
This is going to be the sorry, the video.
Video, the dual screen.
Okay.
You can see it was magically imported if for any reason it did not.
You can't just use a light and dots control and dots import.
Okay.
Now you can use contra an s to save this.
And since we are trying to change a page, we need to restart this.
Okay.
He's going to have to start in a short while.
Just have to be a bit patient and let you start.
Okay.
I think I got there.
Just going to.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can uncheck this.
Right.
Okay.
I'll take that.
I think it's just crashed our hub from running and.
We're going to check this out.
Okay.
Now all we can do is.
It did not.
Okay.
So make sure you uncheck that in it.
Actually, I probably did.
Is going to wait a while for this to see if it did not.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
I'm just gonna check this out, okay?
Okay.
Let's controller has been created.
What controller?
As we visualize, initialize and then check this out.
Okay.
I think.
I think I have to log in.
Okay, great.
Video screen.
You can see this.
Okay.
Sounds good.
You can see over here.
We are currently in the home screen.
Right.
Okay.
Okay cause it get hot and you can see was basically going on in the half.
Okay, guys, see you in investigation.